ALLANLA FULL STACK SOFTWARE ENGINEER
CONTACTallanlalala@gmail.com781-475-4211www.linkedin.com/in/allanlawww.allanla.github.io/portfolio/EDUCATIONB.S.E.
in Computer Science and EngineeringBucknell UniversitySeptember 2013 - May
2017Minor in MathematicsSKILLSPython, C#Typescript, JavaScript, NodeJava,
GraphQL.NETCORE, React, React NativeAzure, AWSAndroid, iOSLinux, WindowsHTML,
CSS, SQLINTERESTSSnowboarding on a fresh powder day (Yes, I have dislocated my
elbow before). Basketball on a warm sunny day. However, tennis on a moderately
sunny day. Movies and Legos always on a rainy day.FULL STACK SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
SUMMARY•  Experienced in end-to-end development and collaboration with
stakeholders to exceed project requirements and deliver successful projects
within timeline constraints.•  Proficient in developing React Native mobile
applications for both iOS and Android platforms, with expertise in integrating
native libraries.•  Knowledgeable in designing scalable API infrastructure and
data structures using modern design patterns.•  Highly skilled in a wide range
of technologies, including Typescript, JavaScript, and a variety of cloud
services offered by cloud computing platforms like Azure•  Adept at Git version
control and knowledgeable in Agile and Scrum methodologies through career at
Microsoft and Meta.PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCESOFTWARE ENGINEER IIMeta / December
2021 - November 2022•  Led end-to-end delivery of the React Native notification
project, driving significant user engagement and contributing to the success of
Project Aria's data collection.•  Collaborated closely with product managers to
deliver additional key features such as personal statistics to increase user
engagement and geofencing to comply with local regulations.SOFTWARE ENGINEER
IIMicrosoft / November 2019 - November 2021•  Developed a COVID-related project
for transitioning employees back to the office by integrating it with an
existing React Native mobile app and a data ingestion pipeline solution.•
 Successfully onboarded and ingested data for 60,000+ users without any service
outages.•  Designed a domestic solution for all U.S.A employees during office
reopening that could be adapted globally as regulations change by
region.SOFTWARE ENGINEERMicrosoft / September 2017 - November 2019•  Designed
and implemented a scalable and secure API infrastructure to allow for modern
integration methods between internal applications and third-party services,
resulting in increased efficiency and reduced downtime for the company.•  Worked
closely with cross-functional teams to build and deliver an iOS & Android, React
Native application from scratch which provides a service as a credential
onboarding and recovery application.
